c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\bin\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.exe.config
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.Resources.resources
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.xml
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\bin\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.exe
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\bin\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.pdb
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\bin\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.xml
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.Inicio.resources
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.Menu_principal.resources
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.exe
c:\users\galba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA.pdb
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_barrio.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_ciudad.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_contacto.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_empleado.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_producto.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_proveedor.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_puesto_trabajo.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_turno.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.alta_usuario.resources
C:\Users\galba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\ATHUEL ELECTRONICA SA\obj\Debug\ATHUEL_ELECTRONICA_SA.login.resources
